Document locksmith API keys (#51)
phylum-dev/documentation: docs/knowledge_base/api-keys.md

API keys provide you with the ability to authenticate with the Phylum API without requiring user credentials. API keys are well suited for CI/CD environments where you may not want to disclose your account information.

## Generate an API key

> API keys can be generated in the [Phylum web UI][ui-tokens] by clicking on user menu in the top right and clicking on "API Access Tokens"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API keys can be generated in the [Phylum web UI][ui-tokens] by clicking on the user menu in the top right and selecting "API Access Tokens"
```

> [ui-tokens]: https://app.staging.phylum.io/tokens/list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ui-tokens]: https://app.phylum.io/tokens/list
```

Point to Prod instead of Staging

> ![user menu](../../assets/user-menu.png)

Author: Not sure if this will work correctly when pushing to readme.com ...

> ![user menu](../../assets/user-menu.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![user menu](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/phylum-dev/documentation/main/assets/user-menu.png)
```

This will work

You will be prompted to provide a name for the new key and then will be given a chance to copy the newly generated API key.

> **Important Note:** For security, there is no way to retrieve the value of a API key after initial generation. It is up to the user to securely store the key for later use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ For security, there is no way to retrieve the value of an API key after initial generation. It is up to the user to securely store the key for later use.
```

Not a mandatory change, but this might highlight this important note more in the docs.

## Using an API key

To use a token for authentication, include it as a bearer token on your API requests. For example:

```sh-session
> API_KEY=ph0_abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz0123456789ABCDEFG

> > curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $API_KEY" 'https://api.staging.phylum.io/api/v0/groups'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> curl -H "Authorization: Bearer $API_KEY" 'https://api.phylum.io/api/v0/groups'
```

Prod instead of Staging
